Supporting Information for "Developing and Comparing Four Families of Bayesian Network Autocorrelation Models for Binary Outcomes: Estimating Peer Effects Involving Adoption of Medical Technologies"

This file contains R scripts for the simulation study of the paper "Developing and Comparing Four Families of Bayesian Network Autocorrelation Models for Binary Outcomes: Estimating Peer Effects Involving Adoption of Medical Technologies". Each script is a self-sufficient file that generates simulated data sets and performs model estimation for 4 different models (probit latent response model, logistic latent response model, probit mean model, logistic mean model) using Bayesian modeling and estimation with different prior distributions of rho. 

R scripts with names ending with "_U" estimate models using a uniform prior on rho while R scripts ending with "_TU" estimate models using the transformed uniform prior on rho. Robustness analysis is assessed by generating the data under one model and estimating another model. The provided scripts allow the 16 scenarios of data generation model and data estimation model to be conducted for each prior distribution assumed for rho. Examples of the specification of these robustness analyses are under the folder "robustness". For illustration, the true value of rho is set to 0 in each script. However, these scripts can be easily adapted to other true values of rho (i.e., -0.2 and 0.2).

robust_plot.R is the R script for generating the robust plot (Figure 1 in the main text of the manuscript) with the simulation results saved in the dataset robust_dat.xlsx so that users can check that they get the correct results.

The real data used for the motivating analyses contains patient identifiable information and so cannot be made available. However, the network size, density and distribution of the edge weights used in the simulations are very similar to those in the actual network in the motivating example. and therefore can be easily adapted to analyze a real data set. To illustrate the process for future readers and user of these methods, we generated a synthetic dataset (SynthDS.RData) that emulates the real data analyses of the motivating application, the R script SynthDS_analysis.R tailored to analyze this dataset using the probit latent response model as an illustrative model, and the results are in the SynthDS_results.xlsx.
